1) Which of the following are key concepts found in all object-oriented programming languages, according to the lessons in this module?
- Inheritance, Polymorphism, Abstraction2) Which of the following are examples of data abstraction features supported by Java, according to the lessons in this module?- Classes, Interfaces3) Which of the following is the best definition of an "abstract data type" (ADT), according to the lessons in this module?- An ADT defines a set of data values and a set of operations on these values.4) Which of the following are accurate descriptions of differences between Java classes and interfaces, according to the lessons in this module?- A Java interface cannot be instantiated directly, whereas a class can.- A Java interface provides a subset of the features provided by a Java class5) Which of the following are benefits of Java generics, according to the lessons in this module?- They help eliminate unnecessary duplication of code.- They ensure compile-type safety when operating on different types.6) Which of the following are benefits of inheritance in Java, according to the lessons in this module?- It enhances reuse by allowing classes to reuse common state and behaviour from other class.7) Which of the following describe the purpose of exception handling in Java, according to the lessons in this module?- It makes Java apps more robust and easier to understand and evolve.- It separates the control flow paths of normal app execution from the control flow paths 
of anomalous app execution.8) Which of the following describe the purpose of polymorphism in Java, according to the 
lessons in this module?- It enables transparent customisation of methods in a subclass that are inherited from a super class.9) Which of the following are recommended strategies for learning the material covered in this MOOC, according to the lessons in this module?- All Correct10) Which of the following are expectations of learners who take this MOOC, according to the lessons in this module?-  You are expected to be interested in both the concepts and practice of developing mobile apps- You are expected have basic computer literacy skills, such as knowing how to send & receive emails and browse the web.